== Peercoin Faucet

A Rails application to run a {peercoin}[http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peercoin] {faucet}[https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Bitcoin_faucet] website.

Available on http://peercoinfaucet.com

You can also give and receive peercoins on the {testnet}[https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Testnet] blockchain on http://testnet.peercoinfaucet.com

== Installation

* Install {Ruby}[https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/downloads/] 1.9+
* Install the {bundler}[http://bundler.io/] gem (you may need root):
    gem install bundler
* Install {git}[http://git-scm.com/downloads]
* Clone the repository
    git clone https://github.com/sigmike/peercoin-faucet.git
    cd peercoin-faucet
* Decide a database backend:
  * sqlite3: easiest to setup, only install the sqlite3 development libraries and you're ready, but may not be good enough for production
  * postgresql or mysql: install the development libraries, and create a database
* Install the gems without the databases you don't want. Examples:
    bundle install --without mysql postgresql
    bundle install --without sqlite3 mysql
* Create +database.yml+.
  * Example for sqlite3:
      production:
        adapter: sqlite3
        database: db/production.sqlite3
        pool: 5
        timeout: 5000
  * Example for postgresql:
      production:
        adapter: postgresql
        host: localhost
        database: peercoin_faucet
        username: peercoin_faucet
        password: password
        encoding: unicode
        pool: 5
  * Example for mysql:
      production:
        adapter: mysql2
        database: peercoin_faucet
        host: localhost
        username: peercoin_faucet
        password: password
* Create +config.yml+
    cp config/config.yml{.example,}
* Edit +config.yml+ (see below)
* Initialize the database
    RAILS_ENV=production bundle exec rake db:migrate
* Make sure +ppcoind+ is running with RPC enabled
* Run the server
    RAILS_ENV=production bundle exec rails server
* Connect to the server at http://localhost:3000/

To make it run in production I recommend {Phusion Passenger}[https://www.phusionpassenger.com/] with {Apache}[http://www.modrails.com/documentation/Users%20guide%20Apache.html] or {nginx}[http://www.modrails.com/documentation/Users%20guide%20Nginx.html].

To fulfill request and update state, commands must be run frequently with cron. To display the cron you must use, run:
  bundle exec whenever -s "environment=production"
To automatically setup your cron, run:
  bundle exec whenever --update-crontab -s "environment=production"

== Configuration

Sample config file:
  ppcoind_path: ppcoind
  ppcoind_account: ""
  amount_per_request: 0.1
  minimum_confirmations: 3
  request_time_frame_duration: 1 hour
  time_between_request_fulfilling: 30 minutes
  secret: GENERATE A SECRET WITH "rake secret" AND PASTE IT HERE
  captcha: true
  recaptcha:
    public_key: YOUR RECAPTCHA PUBLIC KEY
    private_key: YOUR RECAPTCHA PRIVATE KEY
  donation_address: PAkkURv3ZxYDMiU2qYjyYZj3ENGcM2eAR5
  donation_currency: peercoins
  tracking_code: >
    <!-- REPLACE WITH YOUR TRAFFIC TRACKING CODE -->
  canonical_host: example.com
  donation_request_url: http://example.com/

[ppcoind_path] Path to the ppcoind executable.
[ppcoind_account] The account on ppcoind used to determine the peercoin address, balance and to make transactions. The default account is the empty string "".
[amount_per_request] Amount given to each request.
[minimum_confirmations] Minimum confirmations to determine balance.
[request_time_frame_duration] Current time is divided in steps of this duration. An IP cannot create two requests in the same time frame. Format: "<amount> <unit>" where unit can be second, minute, hour, week, month or year (plural form is allowed).
[time_between_request_fulfilling] Requests will be processed at this frequency. Same format as +request_time_frame_duration+.
[secret] A random string used to sign cookies and prevent session forging. Run +bundle exec rake secret+ to generate one and paste it there.
[captcha] Set to false to remove the captcha.
[recaptcha] Set your public and private keys here if you enabled the captcha.
[tracking_code] The visitor tracking code. Copy/paste the code provided by Google Analytics or your other tracker.
[canonical_host] Optional forced hostname for the website. Access to the website using another hostname will redirect to this hostname (see https://github.com/tylerhunt/rack-canonical-host).
[donation_request_url] The link that will be displayed when the faucet is empty.

== Author

{Michael Witrant}[mailto:mike+peercoinfaucet@lepton.fr]

If you want to donate for this project, send
* Bitcoins to 1pfUuPS7sfY5TY3Wh5B91tqjxcvwDPLH1
* Peercoins to PAkkURv3ZxYDMiU2qYjyYZj3ENGcM2eAR5

